Tutorial: added short example (#3848)
xonsh/xonsh: docs/tutorial.rst

You do not need to worry about partially executed commands - that is
impossible.

If you still have concerns about the determination process and want to have strong confidence
when running a subprocess command in your xonsh scripts, you can always use the elegant subprocess

> mode syntax that we will see in the following sections. Short example now:

Reviewer: The english here should be cleaned up a little

Author: www.grammarly.com told me that
* Grammar - Correct
* Punctuation - Correct
No thoughts what you mean :)
Please fix, you have edit rights.

Reviewer: Yeah, the syntax is all correct. It is that the word choice and idioms feel a little off to me. Sorry, but I can barely keep up with all of the other issues.  I have to let other people help.

Author: @gforsyth Gil, please help with idioms ;)

Reviewer: How about something like:

```
If you would like to explicitly run a subprocess command, you can always
use the formal xonsh subprocess syntax that we will see in the following sections. For example:
```

Author: done

> If you still have concerns about the determination process and want to have strong confidence
> when running a subprocess command in your xonsh scripts, you can always use the elegant subprocess
> mode syntax that we will see in the following sections. Short example now:

Reviewer 2: Maybe
```suggestion
If you know that you want to run a command in subprocess mode, you can force subprocess execution by using the following syntax:
```

Author: Thanks! I've chosen the scopatz version. It has more strict text.
